Add Beatmap Spotlights Summer 2022 newspost & wiki articles (#7817)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights/Seasons/2022_Summer/en.md

---
tags:
  - charts
  - Ranking Charts
  - Seasonal Spotlights
---

# Beatmap Spotlights Season 6 (Spring 2022)

## Schedule

| Event | Time |
| :-- | :-- |
| Season start | Aug 09, 2022 |
| Playlist lobby: Playlist A | Aug 09 - Aug 23, 2022 |
| Playlist lobby: Playlist B | Aug 23 - Sep 6, 2022 |
| Playlist lobby: Playlist C | Sep 6 - Sep 20, 2022 |
| Playlist lobby: Playlist A | Sep 20 - Sep 27, 2022 |
| Playlist lobby: Playlist B | Sep 27 - Oct 4, 2022 |
| Playlist lobby: Playlist C | Oct 4 - Oct 11, 2022 |
| Season conclusion | Oct 11, 2022 |

## Weekly multiplayer lobbies

As of now, joining the weekly multiplayer lobbies requires participants to download and install [osu!(lazer)](https://github.com/ppy/osu/releases).

1. Every 2 weeks of a season, a single playlist lobby is opened. Everyone can participate for the entire week.
   - After the first wave of lobbies, playlists will be opened again on a weekly basis.

> 2. Each playlist lobby provides a pre-defined playlist of beatmaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Each playlist lobby provides a predetermined playlist of beatmaps.
```

>    - Each playlist contains an even distribution of Hard, Insane and Expert beatmaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Each playlist contains an even distribution of Hard, Insane, and Expert beatmaps.
```
